what is up guys is boosted here and
welcome back to Sun Orser horizon 2 now
we are going to set ourselves a
challenge today I thought to myself
what's the most chavvy ricey car that
you have ever seen in the UK and I
thought to myself it's got to be the
Vauxhall Corsa now disclaimer for those
of you that do own courses and I know
coz my friend owns one I'm not being
serious it's just you know the
stereotype because a lot of people do
really stupid to their courses so
it's not for all of you it's not end all
of you it's just aim to you perhaps that
do really stupid to your cause or
that we're gonna find out today so yeah
today's challenge basically is to make
this car look as disgusting and Roy C
and chavvy as possible which means
putting all sorts of Bryn's body kits
and obviously doing absolutely no
performance upgrades because why would
you need performance upgrades when you
can have like you know they're sick body
kids me so I think without further ado
we should get on to the garage and see
what we can do to this puppy
right so I just got into damage this is
Gaza's garage and he told me bodykits
so today we're gonna be doing some body
kit modifications and as you can see it
we got some sick body kit be batched
it as big as possible make it go count
unfortunate obviously a gorgeous one me
yeah me me me and that's pretty much
what we're gonna do to this verb this
car as you obviously you know you can
see that this car now looks absolutely
amazing thank you very much for watching
guys right so I would do that voice for
the entire video but I'm pretty sure I'd
either end up dying of laughter or just
dying because I'd end up suffocating
myself because that that voice literally
makes me like suffocate so and offered
that we've got the body kit on now and
we have to put some awesome sick rims on
there mate so we should have a look and
see what kind of sick rims we can find
now I've already found them I don't even
care then ones they are going on that
ones then ones they have to go on and
you only have to put the largest high
profile in there as well so let's go as
to that as a whole oh my god this looks
so amazing I want this car in real life
alright so now we've got our rims on
there we got the body kits spoiler we
got literally the full package we even
have a D badged front bumper like this I
mean the game is telling us like you
know Javits up my chatot do it now I
just wish we could you know we could put
some bought body modifications in there
put like you know the fattest bonnet
scoop you will ever see in your life but
sadly we can't so I think we should go
and paint this thing right so I think I
might leave it white actually do you
know what no let's not leave it white
let's do this to it I know right so we
have a choice of either this type of
weird camo color things I have actually
seen a few cause of this believe it or
not I'm not even joking this is actually
on cause as other this we're gonna go
with obviously I mean the legendary
brought more no not brought so it gold
like look at that is amazing I actually
want that I want that on my car Joe what
we're gonna have it we're doing it now
as for as four rims then I really just
put some which put some gold on there as
well actually no actually these look
yeah these these are go pretty well now
this obviously you got Tinker windows
out make you gotta make sure no one's
seen what you're doing in there you know
smoking weed or we're doing whatever
crazy you're gonna be doing in this
tricked-out Corsa now we got a carbon
bonnet on there as well
make sure that everyone knows that we
mean business now this car is
looking pretty sick I can't even say it
properly without like laughs and I just
I just can't for those of you that
haven't realized yet
I'm joking this I don't like this this
is I know I can know that so we've done
took Corsa we put gold and chrome and a
bigger cabin and body kit wing and rims
and yeah sit me this thing is so quick
like look you can just feel the power
coming from that box or Ecotec engine
this is the VXR by the way and basically
the difference between the normal course
and the VXR is a is a triangular absorb
that now no longer exists because
they've put a different bump on them for
the logic I can't I can't take this car
seriously I just I just can't I I can't
I'm sorry but no matter what you do to a
courser it will always look weird unless
you keep it stock then that's okay or if
you just you know put some black rims on
it or whatever but other than that you
just can't do anything to it that makes
it look better it's just everything you
do it to it just it just adds salt to
the wound it just makes it worse you
know you know the old saying you can't
polish a turd yeah well you can't not
rice a quarter when you put stupid
on it like this like look at that I've
had to switch to the interior view just
so I don't end up blinding myself off
one of the windows because this car is
so incredibly shiny and yeah we've
figured out now that the inside isn't
that bad as you can't really see the
gold Jesus there is come on we're
getting up there we're getting up 95
miles an hour and ninety-eight are we
gonna weave it 100 like oh my god this
we've other way lads speed are coming
through it too fast too furious for you
mate
this thing has six gears holy Shh
move out the way move out the way we're
going for some sick drifts here we go
here we go right hemlock in issue
well that that didn't that didn't quite
work so that is pretty much my wrap-up
of this amazing voxel course of the
Exile once again I do have to just
constantly remind you guys I'm not being
serious I actually like courses when
they're done properly it's just those of
you out there that do this kind of stuff
to them which is what gives them a bad
name so I'm only taking the piss please
don't hurt me and flame me in the
comments I'm sorry like to any of you
that actually take it seriously I want
to thank each and every one of you for
watching this video and if you did enjoy
it please do leave a like that helps me
I'm massive now and leave a comment down
below what is there what's the brightest
most disgusting Chavis car you've ever
seen in your life whether it be you know
it could be it could be a Ferrari it
could be your course or it could be a
Pinto could be anything seriously like
you might the things that people do to
their cars you will actually be
surprised so yeah let me know in the
comments other than that thank you very
much for watching guys